[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu transformed
once again,
this time into a beast with
absolutely no self-control.
[GOKU] It won't work!
I need more time to focus
to do Instant Transmission!
[NARRATOR]
Just as things appeared to be
at their most hopeless,
Supreme Kai teleported
from the World of the Kais
and swooped in to save Goku
and everyone else
in arm's reach.
Sadly, as they
teleported to safety,
the earth was wiped out.
As were Piccolo, Gohan,
Goten, and Trunks.
[KIBITO KAI]
Guys! Come look at this!
Buu's already re-forming.
He's more resilient than ever!
[KID BUU screams]
M-M-Majin Buu!
[NARRATOR] Buu attacks
Grand Kai's World, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GOKU] That's not good.
Now Buu's threatening
Grand Kai's World.
Hey. There's no time to waste!
Give your Potara earrings
to Goku and Vegeta!
If they merge again,
they can stop Buu for sure.
[KIBITO KAI]
Of course.
Please, take these and stop him.
Stop Buu before he can
destroy any more planets.
[VEGETA]
Hmph!
[GOKU]
Nah. No thanks.
We don't need 'em.
[BOTH shriek]
The truth of the matter is,
these aren't really
a great fit for us.
I appreciate the offer,
but I wanna fight him using
nothing but my own strength.
But, Goku, that's--
[GOKU]
I know.
Sorry to let my pride
get in the way during
such a dicey time, but he's not
merged with anyone anymore,
so it'd just be wrong.
"Wrong"?! You fool,
are you outta your mind?
It's not like you're competing
in a thumb wrestling match
or a game of horseshoes!
We're talkin' about the fate
of the whole universe here!
[KIBITO KAI] He's right,
there's too much at stake!
Well, I couldn't agree
with you more, Kakarot.
We don't need
their trinkets to win.
[BOTH shriek]
This is what it means
to be a true warrior
of the Saiyan race.
So you two are confident
you can still defeat Majin Buu,
even though he's reverted
to the most primitive,
dangerous, and powerful
version of himself?
Do you have a plan?
Oh, it'll be fine. I'm sure
we'll figure something out.
What is it, North Kai?
What's going on?
It's him! Majin Buu!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[ALL gasp]
What a monster!
--[thud]
--[ALL groan]
[KRILLIN] Why doesn't he go off
and bother some other planet?
[YAMCHA] I really don't
wanna be chocolate again!
[screaming]
Destructo disk!
Nailed him!
[KID BUU chuckles]
Krillin, are you okay?
That guy's so out of our league!
There's no way we could
take him! Like, ever!
[KID BUU laughing]
Hey! Hold on! What do you
think you're doing?
Stop it! Stop it right now!
[KIBITO KAI]
Oh no! Buu's all set
to destroy Grand Kai's World!
We can't let him!
'Cause Krillin and Yamcha
already died once before.
If they get killed again,
they'll be
permanently obliterated!
I've seen enough.
It's Instant Transmission time!
[VEGETA]
Not so fast, Kakarot!
We're better off
luring him to us,
and this sanctuary
on the World of the Kais,
because we'll have
fewer people in our way
and far less collateral damage.
We can fight as hard as we want.
Okay, but how do we
get him here?
We're the ones
he's really after, right?
All we have to do is
raise our energy high enough
to let him know where we are.
Oh yeah!
[chuckles]
Nice!
[GOKU, VEGETA yelling]
[KID BUU laughing]
[BOTH grunt]
It doesn't matter
how much we throw at it!
[YAMCHA] Come on! We'll turn
into caramels or cookies
or cupcakes or whatever
you want, just stop this!
[GOKU, VEGETA yelling]
[KID BUU laughing]
Please! Just stop!
It's all over for us now!
[KID BUU laughing]
[GOKU, VEGETA yelling]
[indistinctive yelling]
[laughing]
He... just stopped.
[GOKU, VEGETA yelling]
Uh?
[DENDE]
Buu!
[KID BUU]
Haa!
[laughing]
On this world, we can be
as reckless as we want.
[GOKU]
Hmph!
If you don't mind, Supreme Kai,
could you please escort
everyone to some other world,
far away from here?
I've got a feeling
this fight is gonna get rough.
And I don't wanna put
any of you in harm's way.
Yes, of course. Good thinking.
Hey! Don't get all
namby-pamby! 'Kay?
The World of the Kais
is pretty darn sturdy
and it'll take a heck of
a lot to put a dent in her!
By all means, don't hold back!
Go all the way!
Oh, we plan to.
Good luck, you two!
I believe in you! Defeat Buu!
--[VEGETA] Heh.
--[GOKU] Heh!
So, is everyone ready?
Just hold on to me
as tight as you can, all right?
[ELDER KAI]
Huh? Like this?
Perfect, now here we go.
[ELDER KAI screaming]
--[KING KAI] Hmm!
--So, he went after Goku?
Do you know where
those guys are now?
[KING KAI]
The World of the Kais.
A secluded sanctuary,
which is difficult
for even us Kais to enter.
Not that Buu would
care about that, no siree!
He just barged his way in!
So that's why he left this
planet without obliterating it.
Because he was desperate
to get to Goku and Vegeta
as soon as possible.
[YAMCHA]
Well, sounds about right.
We have those guys to thank
for saving us yet again.
What are you blathering
about, North Kai?
And just where are you
getting this crazy stuff?
Hey. Don't you
sass me, West Kai.
You can see just as far
as I can, right?
Go ahead.
Take a look for yourself.
All right.
[KING KAI] Look out toward the
World of the Kais. You'll see.
[WEST KAI]
Hmm.
Where are we?
One of the worlds
in the lower realm.
As long as we're here,
we should be safe,
even if the World of the Kais
is totally destroyed.
[ELDER KAI]
Jeez, when's the last time
anyone took a
weed whacker to this planet?
Now, let's see.
[neck cracks]
Saiyans sure are
a pain in the ole neck.
Give 'em Potaras and they
toss 'em aside like garbage.
Judging by the way
they were strutting around,
I doubt they're even
gonna use Fusion!
So, do they even stand a chance
of defeating Majin Buu?
Mmmm... Well, maybe, if the
two of them work together.
All right. What do ya say
we get this thing started
and see just what
everyone can do?
[VEGETA]
Sounds good.
[GOKU]
Who's up first?
[VEGETA]
Aaah.
I'll fight you for it!
[GOKU]
Let's go!
[GOKU, VEGETA grunt]
Throw!
[ELDER KAI]
Eeeh!
[GOKU, VEGETA] Tie, go again!
Tie, go again! Tie, go again!
Again! Again!
Yes! That's what I'm sayin'!
Get it? "Saiyan"?
They're planning to
take him on one at a time?
You stubborn morons!
Fight together!
This is Majin Buu you're up
against, not the tooth fairy!
[VEGETA] Kakarot! I want
to see this "Super Saiyan 3"
of yours with my own eyes.
You sure? 'Cause you probably
won't get a shot at Buu
if I pull that out now.
I didn't wanna
say anything before,
but I actually could've
taken out the chubby Buu
last time I went
Super Saiyan 3 on him.
But I held back to give the boys
a chance to finish him off.
So they'd be
prepared for the future.
Oh, come on! I was in the
middle of talking, you jerk!
Let's do this, Buu!
Hey, you're pretty calm.
For someone
about to get pummeled.
[KID BUU snoring]
Uh!
Really?! Aaah!
You're gonna sleep
at a time like this?!
Oooh! What a punk!
Damn! It's because of
this clown that the earth
and all of our friends
and loved ones are gone.
So awake or not, he's gonna pay!
[yelling]
[screams]
[laughing]
[grunting, laughing]
Whoa. What a weirdo.
Uuuh! Oh, no!
I just realized,
we forgot that boorish man,
Mr. Satan, and left him
on the World of the Kais!
[ELDER KAI]
Eh, don't worry about it.
[hollering]
[laughing]
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
[KID BUU grunting]
What is this? What's goin' on?
[BEE grunting]
Eh-heh! Well, look who it is!
[laughing]
Ooh!
Am I wrong, or did we
just get ditched by elves?
[KID BUU hollering]
[GOKU]
Uh--! Uhhh...
Damn. That guy
is out of his mind!
[KID BUU continues hollering]
I don't get it.
Is he here to fight or what?
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU muffled hollering]
[hollering]
[KID BUU growls]
Uuh!
[KID BUU yells]
[screams]
Did he get him?
Nice work, Goku!
That didn't take you long!
Whoa, he won! He actually won!
That blond haired dude
managed to take out Buu!
Amazing!
Did Goku really beat him?
No, it will take
a lot more than that
to finish Majin Buu for good.
[GOKU grunts]
Aah!
Yeah, figures.
[laughing]
Uh! Okay, fine!
Am I still asleep?
I must be asleep!
'Cause this is one crazy dream!
Yaaa!
[GOKU]
Aah-oof!
Aah!
[GOKU grunts, yells]
[GOKU groaning, gasping]
[KID BUU laughing]
Hey! You hang
in there now, blondie!
You hear me?
Don't let him get to you!
This is my dream!
And that means you can't lose!
[GOKU hollering]
[yells]
[KID BUU yells, laughs]
[hollering]
[laughing]
[VEGETA]
Huh?
[KID BUU continues hollering]
Huh? Uuh.
[bellows]
That was... incredible.
Incredible! This battle is epic!
One of them is that Goku guy
from the North Galaxy, right?
But I don't recognize the other.
Who is he?
Why, that's Majin Buu.
Surely you must have
heard all about him before.
Long ago, he wreaked havoc
through the whole universe
and took quite a toll
on the Supreme Kai
who were ruling at the time.
Aaaah! You mean the monster
created by Bibidi?
You're saying
he's that Majin Buu?
The most evil creature in all
of recorded history, Majin Buu?
[KING KAI]
Mhmmm.
You bastard. Don't mess with me!
[KID BUU grunts]
♪
[KID BUU]
Nnnnh!
♪
[BOTH holler]
This is the level of power
those two are capable of?
It's off the scale!
♪
Feel the heat that's coming
within you
The moment of changes
begins today
You're the one and only
man in here
[KID BUU laughing]
Aah!
Release your energy
Let it burn!
What? He must be nuts if he
thinks I'll sit back and watch!
[yells]
Time for some action
here we go
Every step...
What?!
[KID BUU yells]
Release your energy
Aah!
[chuckles]
[yells]
Go Ahead!!
Keep burning like a fire
Fight for what
you really meant to be
Go Ahead!!
Keep burning like a fire
Feel the heat build it up
just once more
Nothings stops you from rising
Go Ahead!!
Keep burning like a fire
Fight for what
you really meant to be
Go Ahead!!
Keep burning like a fire
Feel the heat build it up
just once more
Nothings stops you from rising
[KID BUU chuckles]
What the heck's going on?
That's enough
of this silly dream!
I'm ready to wake up!
♪
[thunder cracking]
[GOKU]
Uh!
[KID BUU laughing]
[BOTH yelling]
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] With Earth destroyed,
the fate of reality itself
now hangs in the balance.
Any hope for survival
now rests on Goku's shoulders.
The whole universe is watching.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Man, Buu's gotten
ridiculously strong.
I didn't think
it'd come to this,
but I may actually have to
fight him at full power!
[VEGETA] I was never able
to surpass you, Kakarot.
You're the only one who can
stand up to Majin Buu now.
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Dad, you can't lose!
For all of our sakes!